apps/docs/index.md, before:

---
title: Binspire Docs
titleTemplate: ':title'
---

# Binspire
A SWMS to make waste collection more efficient, sustainable, and transparent.

## Introduction

**Binspire** is a smart waste management platform designed to help communities, organizations, and municipalities manage waste collection efficiently using real-time IoT technology. The system connects smart bins, web dashboards, and mobile tools into a unified platform that monitors bin statuses, optimizes collection routes, and improves overall operational visibility.

With Binspire, administrators can monitor waste levels across multiple locations, receive automated alerts for full bins, and track collection activities in real time. Collectors can use the mobile app to access optimized routes and receive live updates, reducing manual checks and improving efficiency.

Binspire combines **IoT sensors**, **real-time data analytics**, and **cloud-based management tools** to create a smarter, cleaner, and more sustainable waste management experience.

## Key Features

- **Real-Time Monitoring** – View live waste levels from IoT-connected bins.  
- **Smart Notifications** – Receive automatic alerts when bins are full or require attention.  
- **Route Optimization** – Generate efficient collection routes based on bin data.  
- **Interactive Dashboard** – Manage bins, monitor activity, and track performance through an intuitive web interface.  
- **Mobile Access** – Empower collectors with mobile tools for route navigation and bin updates.  
- **Analytics & Insights** – Visualize trends and data to support decision-making and sustainability efforts.

## How It Works

1. **Smart Bins** equipped with IoT sensors detect waste fill levels and environmental data.  
2. **Data Transmission** occurs via wireless connectivity to the Binspire cloud platform.  
3. **Dashboard & Mobile App** display real-time information, alerts, and optimized routes.  
4. **Collection Teams** receive tasks and route guidance, reducing time and operational costs.  
5. **Analytics Engine** compiles usage and collection data to support long-term planning.

## Why Binspire

Binspire was built to modernize waste collection by replacing manual monitoring with intelligent, data-driven operations. It helps communities and service providers save time, reduce costs, and maintain cleaner public spaces through automation and smart decision-making.

Whether you’re managing a residential community, a campus, or an entire city, Binspire provides the digital tools to make waste management smarter, simpler, and more sustainable.

Commit message:

chore: added warning sign for rapid changes in docs

apps/docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Binspire Docs
titleTemplate: ':title'
---

::: warning Development in Progress
This documentation is currently under active development and may change rapidly. Some features, instructions, or interfaces may not be finalized.
:::

# Binspire
A SWMS to make waste collection more efficient, sustainable, and transparent.

## Introduction

**Binspire** is a smart waste management platform designed to help communities, organizations, and municipalities manage waste collection efficiently using real-time IoT technology. The system connects smart bins, web dashboards, and mobile tools into a unified platform that monitors bin statuses, optimizes collection routes, and improves overall operational visibility.

With Binspire, administrators can monitor waste levels across multiple locations, receive automated alerts for full bins, and track collection activities in real time. Collectors can use the mobile app to access optimized routes and receive live updates, reducing manual checks and improving efficiency.

Binspire combines **IoT sensors**, **real-time data analytics**, and **cloud-based management tools** to create a smarter, cleaner, and more sustainable waste management experience.

## Key Features

- **Real-Time Monitoring** – View live waste levels from IoT-connected bins.  
- **Smart Notifications** – Receive automatic alerts when bins are full or require attention.  
- **Route Optimization** – Generate efficient collection routes based on bin data.  
- **Interactive Dashboard** – Manage bins, monitor activity, and track performance through an intuitive web interface.  
- **Mobile Access** – Empower collectors with mobile tools for route navigation and bin updates.  
- **Analytics & Insights** – Visualize trends and data to support decision-making and sustainability efforts.

## How It Works

1. **Smart Bins** equipped with IoT sensors detect waste fill levels and environmental data.  
2. **Data Transmission** occurs via wireless connectivity to the Binspire cloud platform.  
3. **Dashboard & Mobile App** display real-time information, alerts, and optimized routes.  
4. **Collection Teams** receive tasks and route guidance, reducing time and operational costs.  
5. **Analytics Engine** compiles usage and collection data to support long-term planning.

## Why Binspire

Binspire was built to modernize waste collection by replacing manual monitoring with intelligent, data-driven operations. It helps communities and service providers save time, reduce costs, and maintain cleaner public spaces through automation and smart decision-making.

Whether you’re managing a residential community, a campus, or an entire city, Binspire provides the digital tools to make waste management smarter, simpler, and more sustainable.
